"Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it." - Brian Kernighan
"If you don't fail at least 90% of the time, you're not aiming high enough." - Alan Kay
"Always code as if the person who ends up maintaining your code is a violent psychopath who knows where you live." - John Woods
"Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
"If you don't make mistakes, you're not working on hard enough problems." - Frank Wilczek
"Use tracer bullets to find the target." - Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas (The Pragmatic Programmers)
"Always design for concurrency." - Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas (The Pragmatic Programmers)
"Test your software, or your users will." - Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas (The Pragmatic Programmers)
"Don't live with broken windows." - Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas (The Pragmatic Programmers)
"Keep knowledge in plain text." - Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas (The Pragmatic Programmers)
"Use a single editor well." - Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas (The Pragmatic Programmers)
"Crash early." - Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas (The Pragmatic Programmers)
"Design to test." - Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas (The Pragmatic Programmers)
"Work with a user to think like a user." - Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas (The Pragmatic Programmers)
"Test early. Test often. Test automatically." - Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas (The Pragmatic Programmers)
"Use saboteurs to test your testing." - Andy Hunt and Dave Thomas (The Pragmatic Programmers)
"There's an old story about the person who wished his computer were as easy to use as his telephone. That wish has come true, since I no longer know how to use my telephone." - Bjarne Stroustrup
"There are only two industries that refer to their customers as 'users'." - Edward Tufte
"Easy things should be easy and hard things should be possible." - Larry Wall
"They did not know it was impossible, so they did it!" - Mark Twain
"If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in." - Edsger W. Dijkstra
"The average user doesn't give a damn what happens, as long as (1) it works and (2) it's fast." - Daniel J. Bernstein
"Nothing is as permanent as a temporary solution that works" - Guy On Reddit
"Just put a closing brace with a red squiggly underline at the very end" - An Evil Person On Reddit
"Hardware eventually fails. Software eventually works." - Another Redditor